abide abidden
abide abided
abide abides
abide abiding
abide abode
aby abey
aby abeying
aby abeys
aby abought
aby abying
aby abys
alight alighted
alight alighting
alight alights
alight alit
arise arisen
arise arises
arise arising
arise arose
awake awakes
awake awaking
awake awoke
awake awoken
backbite backbit
backbite backbites
backbite backbiting
backbite backbitten
backfit backfit
backfit backfits
backfit backfitting
backlight backlighting
backlight backlights
backlight backlit
backslide backslid
backslide backslidden
backslide backslides
backslide backsliding
be been
be being
be is
bear bearing
bear bears
bear bore
bear born
bear borne
beat beat
beat beaten
beat beating
beat beats
become became
become become
become becomes
become becoming
bedight bedight
bedight bedighted
bedight bedighting
bedight bedights
befall befallen
befall befalling
befall befalls
befall befell
beget begat
beget begets
beget begetting
beget begot
beget begotten
begin began
begin beginning
begin begins
begin begun
begird begirded
begird begirding
begird begirds
begird begirt
behight behight
behight behighting
behight behights
behight behoten
behold beheld
behold beholding
behold beholds
belay belaid
belay belayed
belay belaying
belay belays
bend bending
bend bends
bend bent
bereave bereaved
bereave bereaves
bereave bereaving
bereave bereft
beseech beseeched
beseech beseeches
beseech beseeching
beseech besought
beset beset
beset besets
beset besetting
bespeak bespeaking
bespeak bespeaks
bespeak bespoke
bespeak bespoken
bestrew bestrewed
bestrew bestrewing
bestrew bestrewn
bestrew bestrews
bestride bestridden
bestride bestrides
bestride bestriding
bestride bestrode
bet bet
bet bets
bet betting
betake betaken
betake betakes
betake betaking
betake betook
bethink bethinking
bethink bethinks
bethink bethought
beweep beweeping
beweep beweeps
beweep bewept
bid bade
bid bid
bid bidden
bid bidding
bid bids
bide bided
bide bides
bide biding
bide bode
bind binding
bind binds
bind bound
bite bit
bite bites
bite biting
bite bitten
blaw blawed
blaw blawing
blaw blawn
blaw blaws
bleed bled
bleed bleeding
bleed bleeds
blend blended
blend blending
blend blends
blend blent
bless blessed
bless blesses
bless blessing
bless blest
blow blew
blow blowing
blow blown
blow blows
bowstring bowstringed
bowstring bowstringing
bowstring bowstrings
bowstring bowstrung
break breaking
break breaks
break broke
break broken
breed bred
breed breeding
breed breeds
bring bringing
bring brings
bring brought
broadcast broadcast
broadcast broadcasted
broadcast broadcasting
broadcast broadcasts
browbeat browbeat
browbeat browbeaten
browbeat browbeating
browbeat browbeats
build building
build builds
build built
burn burned
burn burning
burn burns
burn burnt
burst burst
burst bursting
burst bursts
bust bust
bust busting
bust busts
buy bought
buy buying
buy buys
cast cast
cast casting
cast casts
catch catches
catch catching
catch caught
cheerlead cheerleading
cheerlead cheerleads
cheerlead cheerled
chide chid
chide chidden
chide chides
chide chiding
choose chooses
choose choosing
choose chose
choose chosen
clap clapped
clap clapping
clap claps
clap clapt
cleave cleaved
cleave cleaves
cleave cleaving
cleave cleft
cleave clove
cleave cloven
cleek claucht
cleek claught
cleek cleeked
cleek cleeking
cleek cleeks
clepe cleped
clepe clepes
clepe cleping
clepe ycleped
clepe yclept
cling clinging
cling clings
cling clung
clothe clad
clothe clothed
clothe clothes
clothe clothing
colorbreed colorbred
colorbreed colorbreeding
colorbreed colorbreeds
colorcast colorcast
colorcast colorcasting
colorcast colorcasts
come came
come come
come comes
come coming
cost cost
cost costing
cost costs
counterdraw counterdrawing
counterdraw counterdrawn
counterdraw counterdraws
counterdraw counterdrew
counterlight counterlighting
counterlight counterlights
counterlight counterlit
cowrite cowrites
cowrite cowriting
cowrite cowritten
cowrite cowrote
creep creeping
creep creeps
creep crept
crossbreed crossbred
crossbreed crossbreeding
crossbreed crossbreeds
crosscut crosscut
crosscut crosscuts
crosscut crosscutting
crosslight crosslighting
crosslight crosslights
crosslight crosslit
crow crew
crow crowed
crow crowing
crow crows
cut cut
cut cuts
cut cutting
dare dared
dare dares
dare daring
dare durst
daydream daydreaming
daydream daydreams
daydream daydreamt
deal dealing
deal deals
deal dealt
dig digging
dig digs
dig dug
dight dight
dight dighted
dight dighting
dight dights
dispread dispread
dispread dispreading
dispread dispreads
disprove disproved
disprove disproven
disprove disproves
disprove disproving
dive dived
dive dives
dive diving
dive dove
do did
do does
do doing
do done
dogfight dogfighting
dogfight dogfights
dogfight dogfought
dow dought
dow dowed
dow dowing
dow dows
draw drawing
draw drawn
draw draws
draw drew
dream dreamed
dream dreaming
dream dreams
dream dreamt
drink drank
drink drinking
drink drinks
drink drunk
drive driven
drive drives
drive driving
drive drove
dwell dwelling
dwell dwells
dwell dwelt
eat ate
eat eaten
eat eating
eat eats
engird engirding
engird engirds
engird engirt
engrave engraved
engrave engraven
engrave engraves
engrave engraving
enwind enwinding
enwind enwinds
enwind enwound
fall fallen
fall falling
fall falls
fall fell
farebeat farebeat
farebeat farebeaten
farebeat farebeating
farebeat farebeats
feed fed
feed feeding
feed feeds
feel feeling
feel feels
feel felt
fight fighting
fight fights
fight fought
find finding
find finds
find found
fit fit
fit fits
fit fitted
fit fitting
flee fled
flee fleeing
flee flees
fling flinging
fling flings
fling flung
floodlight floodlighting
floodlight floodlights
floodlight floodlit
fly flew
fly flies
fly flown
fly flying
flyblow flyblew
flyblow flyblowing
flyblow flyblown
flyblow flyblows
forbear forbearing
forbear forbears
forbear forbore
forbear forborn
forbear forborne
forbid forbad
forbid forbade
forbid forbidden
forbid forbidding
forbid forbids
fordo fordid
fordo fordoes
fordo fordoing
fordo fordone
fordo foredo
forecast forecast
forecast forecasted
forecast forecasting
forecast forecasts
forefeel forefeeling
forefeel forefeels
forefeel forefelt
forego foregoes
forego foregoing
forego foregone
forego forewent
foreknow foreknew
foreknow foreknowing
foreknow foreknown
foreknow foreknows
forerun foreran
forerun forerun
forerun forerunning
forerun foreruns
foresee foresaw
foresee foreseeing
foresee foreseen
foresee foresees
foreshow foreshowed
foreshow foreshowing
foreshow foreshown
foreshow foreshows
foreshow forshowed
forespeak forespeaking
forespeak forespeaks
forespeak forespoke
forespeak forespoken
foretell foretelling
foretell foretells
foretell foretold
forget foregetting
forget forgets
forget forgot
forget forgotten
forgive forgave
forgive forgiven
forgive forgives
forgive forgiving
forlese forleses
forlese forlesing
forlese forlore
forlese forlorn
forsake forsaken
forsake forsakes
forsake forsaking
forsake forsook
forswear forswearing
forswear forswears
forswear forswore
forswear forsworn
fraught fraught
fraught fraughted
fraught fraughting
fraught fraughts
freeze freezes
freeze freezing
freeze froze
freeze frozen
frostbite frostbit
frostbite frostbites
frostbite frostbiting
frostbite frostbitten
gainsay gainsaid
gainsay gainsaying
gainsay gainsays
gaslight gaslighted
gaslight gaslighting
gaslight gaslights
gaslight gaslit
geld gelded
geld gelding
geld gelds
geld gelt
get gets
get getting
get got
get gotten
ghostwrite ghostwrites
ghostwrite ghostwriting
ghostwrite ghostwritten
ghostwrite ghostwrote
gild gilded
gild gilding
gild gilds
gild gilt
gin gan
gin ginning
gin gins
gird girded
gird girding
gird girds
gird girt
give gave
give given
give gives
give giving
gnaw gnawed
gnaw gnawing
gnaw gnawn
gnaw gnaws
go goes
go going
go gone
go went
grave graved
grave graven
grave graves
grave graving
grind grinding
grind grinds
grind ground
grow grew
grow growing
grow grown
grow grows
hagride hagridden
hagride hagrides
hagride hagriding
hagride hagrode
halterbreak halterbreaking
halterbreak halterbreaks
halterbreak halterbroke
halterbreak halterbroken
hamstring hamstringed
hamstring hamstringing
hamstring hamstrings
hamstring hamstrung
handsew handsewed
handsew handsewing
handsew handsewn
handsew handsews
handwrite handwrites
handwrite handwriting
handwrite handwritten
handwrite handwrote
hang hanged
hang hanging
hang hangs
hang hung
have had
have has
have having
hear heard
hear hearing
hear hears
heave heaved
heave heaves
heave heaving
heave hove
hew hewed
hew hewing
hew hewn
hew hews
hide hid
hide hidden
hide hides
hide hiding
hight hight
hight highting
hight hights
hight hote
hight hoten
hit hit
hit hits
hit hitting
hoise hoised
hoise hoises
hoise hoising
hoise hoist
hold held
hold holding
hold holds
housebreak housebreaking
housebreak housebreaks
housebreak housebroke
housebreak housebroken
hurt hurt
hurt hurting
hurt hurts
inbreed inbred
inbreed inbreeding
inbreed inbreeds
indwell indwelling
indwell indwells
indwell indwelt
inhold inheld
inhold inholding
inhold inholds
inlay inlaid
inlay inlaying
inlay inlays
input input
input inputs
input inputted
input inputting
inset inset
inset insets
inset insetting
interblend interblended
interblend interblending
interblend interblends
interblend interblent
interbreed interbred
interbreed interbreeding
interbreed interbreeds
intercut intercut
intercut intercuts
intercut intercutting
intergrave intergraved
intergrave intergraven
intergrave intergraves
intergrave intergraving
interlay interlaid
interlay interlaying
interlay interlays
interset interset
interset intersets
interset intersetting
interweave interweaves
interweave interweaving
interweave interwove
interweave interwoven
interwind interwinding
interwind interwinds
interwind interwound
inweave inweaved
inweave inweaves
inweave inweaving
inweave inwove
inweave inwoven
inwind inwinding
inwind inwinds
inwind inwound
keep keeping
keep keeps
keep kept
ken kenned
ken kenning
ken kens
ken kent
kneel kneeled
kneel kneeling
kneel kneels
kneel knelt
knit knit
knit knits
knit knitted
knit knitting
know knew
know knowing
know known
know knows
lade laded
lade laden
lade lades
lade lading
landslide landslid
landslide landslided
landslide landslides
landslide landsliding
lay laid
lay laying
lay lays
lead leading
lead leads
lead led
lean leaned
lean leaning
lean leans
lean leant
leap leaped
leap leaping
leap leaps
leap leapt
learn learned
learn learning
learn learns
learn learnt
leave leaves
leave leaving
leave left
lend lending
lend lends
lend lent
lep lepping
lep leps
lep lept
let let
let lets
let letting
lie lain
lie lay
lie lies
lie lying
light lighting
light lights
light lit
linebreed linebred
linebreed linebreeding
linebreed linebreeds
lose loses
lose losing
lose lost
make made
make makes
make making
mean meaning
mean means
mean meant
meet meeting
meet meets
meet met
melt melted
melt melting
melt melts
melt molten
misbecome misbecame
misbecome misbecome
misbecome misbecomes
misbecome misbecoming
miscast miscast
miscast miscasting
miscast miscasts
mischoose mischooses
mischoose mischoosins
mischoose mischose
mischoose mischosen
miscut miscut
miscut miscuts
miscut miscutting
misdeal misdealing
misdeal misdeals
misdeal misdealt
misdo misdid
misdo misdoes
misdo misdoing
misdo misdone
misfall misfallen
misfall misfalling
misfall misfalls
misfall misfell
misfeed misfed
misfeed misfeeding
misfeed misfeeds
misgive misgave
misgive misgive
misgive misgiven
misgive misgiving
mishear misheard
mishear mishearing
mishear mishears
mishit mishit
mishit mishits
mishit mishitting
misknow misknew
misknow misknowing
misknow misknown
misknow misknows
mislay mislaid
mislay mislaying
mislay mislays
mislead misleading
mislead misleads
mislead misled
mislearn mislearned
mislearn mislearning
mislearn mislearns
mislearn mislearnt
misread misread
misread misreading
misread misreads
missay missaid
missay missaying
missay missays
missend missending
missend missends
missend missent
misset misset
misset missets
misset missetting
misspeak misspeaking
misspeak misspeaks
misspeak misspoke
misspeak misspoken
misspell misspelled
misspell misspelling
misspell misspells
misspell misspelt
misspend misspending
misspend misspends
misspend misspent
misswear misswearing
misswear misswears
misswear misswore
misswear missworn
mistake mistake
mistake mistaken
mistake mistaking
mistake mistook
misteach mistaught
misteach misteaches
misteach misteaching
mistell mistelling
mistell mistells
mistell mistold
misthink misthinking
misthink misthinks
misthink misthought
misunderstand misunderstanding
misunderstand misunderstands
misunderstand misunderstood
miswear miswearing
miswear miswears
miswear miswore
miswear misworn
miswed miswed
miswed miswedded
miswed miswedding
miswed misweds
miswrite miswrites
miswrite miswriting
miswrite miswritten
miswrite miswrote
moonlight moonlighting
moonlight moonlights
moonlight moonlit
mow mowed
mow mowing
mow mown
mow mows
naysay naysaid
naysay naysaying
naysay naysays
offset offset
offset offsets
offset offsetting
outbid outbid
outbid outbidding
outbid outbids
outbreed outbred
outbreed outbreeding
outbreed outbreeds
outdo outdid
outdo outdoes
outdo outdoing
outdo outdone
outdraw outdrawing
outdraw outdrawn
outdraw outdraws
outdraw outdrew
outdrink outdrank
outdrink outdrinking
outdrink outdrinks
outdrink outdrunk
outdrive outdriven
outdrive outdrives
outdrive outdriving
outdrive outdrove
outfight outfighting
outfight outfights
outfight outfought
outfly outflew
outfly outflies
outfly outflown
outfly outflying
outgrow outgrew
outgrow outgrowing
outgrow outgrown
outgrow outgrows
outlay outlaid
outlay outlaying
outlay outlays
outleap outleaped
outleap outleaping
outleap outleaps
outleap outleapt
output output
output outputs
output outputted
output outputting
outride outridden
outride outrides
outride outriding
outride outrode
outrun outran
outrun outrun
outrun outrunning
outrun outruns
outsee outsaw
outsee outseeing
outsee outseen
outsee outsees
outsell outselling
outsell outsells
outsell outsold
outshine outshines
outshine outshining
outshine outshone
outshoot outshooting
outshoot outshoots
outshoot outshot
outsing outsang
outsing outsinging
outsing outsings
outsing outsung
outsit outsat
outsit outsits
outsit outsitting
outsleep outsleeping
outsleep outsleeps
outsleep outslept
outsmell outsmelled
outsmell outsmelling
outsmell outsmells
outsmell outsmelt
outspeak outspeaking
outspeak outspeaks
outspeak outspoke
outspeak outspoken
outspeed outsped
outspeed outspeeding
outspeed outspeeds
outspend outspending
outspend outspends
outspend outspent
outspin outspinning
outspin outspins
outspin outspun
outspring outsprang
outspring outspringing
outspring outsprings
outspring outsprung
outstand outstanding
outstand outstands
outstand outstood
outswear outswearing
outswear outswears
outswear outswore
outswear outsworn
outswim outswam
outswim outswimming
outswim outswims
outswim outswum
outtell outtelling
outtell outtells
outtell outtold
outthink outthinking
outthink outthinks
outthink outthought
outthrow outthrew
outthrow outthrowing
outthrow outthrown
outthrow outthrows
outwear outwearing
outwear outwears
outwear outwore
outwear outworn
outwind outwinding
outwind outwinds
outwind outwound
outwork outworked
outwork outworking
outwork outworks
outwork outwrought
outwrite outwrites
outwrite outwriting
outwrite outwritten
outwrite outwrote
overbear overbearing
overbear overbears
overbear overbore
overbear overborne
overbid overbid
overbid overbidding
overbid overbids
overblow overblew
overblow overblowing
overblow overblown
overblow overblows
overbreed overbred
overbreed overbreeding
overbreed overbreeds
overbuild overbuilding
overbuild overbuilds
overbuild overbuilt
overbuy overbought
overbuy overbuying
overbuy overbuys
overcast overcast
overcast overcasting
overcast overcasts
overcome overcame
overcome overcome
overcome overcomes
overcome overcoming
overcut overcut
overcut overcuts
overcut overcutting
overdo overdid
overdo overdoes
overdo overdoing
overdo overdone
overdraw overdrawing
overdraw overdrawn
overdraw overdraws
overdraw overdrew
overdrink overdrank
overdrink overdrinking
overdrink overdrinks
overdrink overdrunk
overdrive overdriven
overdrive overdrives
overdrive overdriving
overdrive overdrove
overeat overate
overeat overeaten
overeat overeating
overeat overeats
overfeed overfed
overfeed overfeeding
overfeed overfeeds
overfly overflew
overfly overflies
overfly overflown
overfly overflying
overgrow overgrew
overgrow overgrowing
overgrow overgrown
overgrow overgrows
overhang overhanging
overhang overhangs
overhang overhung
overhear overheard
overhear overhearing
overhear overhears
overlay overlaid
overlay overlaying
overlay overlays
overleap overleaped
overleap overleaping
overleap overleaps
overleap overleapt
overlearn overlearned
overlearn overlearning
overlearn overlearns
overlearn overlearnt
overlie overlain
overlie overlay
overlie overlies
overlie overlying
overpass overpassed
overpass overpasses
overpass overpassing
overpass overpast
overpay overpaid
overpay overpaying
overpay overpays
override overridden
override overrides
override overriding
override overrode
overrun overran
overrun overrun
overrun overrunning
overrun overruns
oversee oversaw
oversee overseeing
oversee overseen
oversee oversees
oversell overselling
oversell oversells
oversell oversold
overset overset
overset oversets
overset oversetting
oversew oversewed
oversew oversewing
oversew oversewn
oversew oversews
overshoot overshooting
overshoot overshoots
overshoot overshot
oversleep oversleeping
oversleep oversleeps
oversleep overslept
oversow oversowed
oversow oversowing
oversow oversown
oversow oversows
overspeak overspeaking
overspeak overspeaks
overspeak overspoke
overspeak overspoken
overspend overspending
overspend overspends
overspend overspent
overspill overspilled
overspill overspilling
overspill overspills
overspill overspilt
overspin overspinning
overspin overspins
overspin overspun
overspread overspread
overspread overspreading
overspread overspreads
overspring oversprang
overspring overspringing
overspring oversprings
overspring oversprung
overstand overstanding
overstand overstands
overstand overstood
overstrew overstrewed
overstrew overstrewing
overstrew overstrewn
overstrew overstrews
overstride overstridden
overstride overstrides
overstride overstriding
overstride overstrode
overstrike overstrikes
overstrike overstriking
overstrike overstruck
overstring overstringing
overstring overstrings
overstring overstrung
overtake overtaken
overtake overtakes
overtake overtaking
overtake overtook
overthink overthinking
overthink overthinks
overthink overthought
overthrow overthrew
overthrow overthrowing
overthrow overthrown
overthrow overthrows
overwear overwearing
overwear overwears
overwear overwore
overwear overworn
overwind overwinding
overwind overwinds
overwind overwound
overwithhold overwithheld
overwithhold overwithholding
overwithhold overwithholds
overwrite overwrites
overwrite overwriting
overwrite overwritten
overwrite overwrote
partake partaken
partake partakes
partake partaking
partake partook
pay paid
pay paying
pay pays
pen penned
pen penning
pen pens
pen pent
plead pleaded
plead pleading
plead pleads
plead pled
potshot potshot
potshot potshots
potshot potshotted
potshot potshotting
prebind prebinding
prebind prebinds
prebind prebound
prebuild prebuilding
prebuild prebuilds
prebuild prebuilt
precut precut
precut precuts
precut precutting
predo predid
predo predoes
predo predoing
predo predone
premake premade
premake premakes
premake premaking
prepay prepaid
prepay prepaying
prepay prepays
presell preselling
presell presells
presell presold
preset preset
preset presetting
preset prests
preshrink preshrank
preshrink preshrinking
preshrink preshrinks
preshrink preshrunk
presplit presplit
presplit presplits
presplit presplitting
proofread proofread
proofread proofreading
proofread proofreads
prove proved
prove proven
prove proves
prove proving
put put
put puts
put putting
quit quit
quit quits
quit quitting
rap rapped
rap rapping
rap raps
rap rapt
read read
read reading
read reads
reave reaved
reave reaves
reave reaving
reave reft
reawake reawaken
reawake reawakes
reawake reawaking
reawake reawoke
reawake reawoken
rebid rebid
rebid rebidding
rebid rebids
rebind rebinding
rebind rebinds
rebind rebound
rebroadcast rebroadcast
rebroadcast rebroadcasting
rebroadcast rebroadcasts
rebuild rebuilding
rebuild rebuilds
rebuild rebuilt
recast recast
recast recasting
recast recasts
recut recut
recut recuts
recut recutting
redd redd
redd redded
redd redding
redd redds
redeal redealing
redeal redeals
redeal redealt
redo redid
redo redoes
redo redoing
redo redone
redraw redrawing
redraw redrawn
redraw redraws
redraw redrew
reeve reeved
reeve reeves
reeve reeving
reeve rove
refit refit
refit refits
refit refitting
regrind regrinding
regrind regrinds
regrind reground
regrow regrew
regrow regrowing
regrow regrown
regrow regrows
rehang rehanging
rehang rehangs
rehang rehung
rehear reheard
rehear rehearing
rehear rehears
reknit reknit
reknit reknits
reknit reknitted
reknit reknitting
relay relaid
relay relaying
relay relays
relearn relearn
relearn relearned
relearn relearnt
relight relighted
relight relighting
relight relights
relight relit
remake remade
remake remakes
remake remaking
rend rending
rend rends
rend rent
repay repaid
repay repaying
repay repays
reread reread
reread rereading
reread rereads
rerun reran
rerun rerun
rerun rerunning
rerun reruns
resell reselling
resell resells
resell resold
resend resending
resend resends
resend resent
reset reset
reset resets
reset resetting
resew resewed
resew resewing
resew resewn
resew resews
resew reswed
reshoot reshooting
reshoot reshoots
reshoot reshot
resit resat
resit resits
resit resitting
resow resowed
resow resowing
resow resown
resow resows
respell respelled
respell respelling
respell respells
respell respelt
restring restringing
restring restrings
restring restrung
retake retaken
retake retakes
retake retaking
retake retook
reteach retaught
reteach reteaches
reteach reteaching
retear retearing
retear retears
retear retore
retear retorn
retell retelling
retell retells
retell retold
rethink rethinking
rethink rethinks
rethink rethought
retread retreading
retread retreads
retread retrod
retread retrodden
retrofit retrofit
retrofit retrofits
retrofit retrofitted
retrofit retrofitting
rewake rewaked
rewake rewakes
rewake rewaking
rewake rewoke
rewake rewoken
rewear rewearing
rewear rewears
rewear rewore
rewear reworn
reweave reweaved
reweave reweaves
reweave reweaving
reweave rewove
reweave rewoven
rewed rewed
rewed rewedded
rewed rewedding
rewed reweds
rewet rewet
rewet rewets
rewet rewetted
rewet rewetting
rewin rewinning
rewin rewins
rewin rewon
rewind rewinding
rewind rewinds
rewind rewound
rewrite rewrites
rewrite rewriting
rewrite rewritten
rewrite rewrote
rid rid
rid ridded
rid ridding
rid rids
ride ridden
ride rides
ride riding
ride rode
ring rang
ring ringing
ring rings
ring rung
rise risen
rise rises
rise rising
rise rose
rive rived
rive riven
rive rives
rive riving
roughcast roughcast
roughcast roughcasting
roughcast roughcasts
run ran
run run
run running
run runs
saw sawed
saw sawing
saw sawn
saw saws
say said
say saying
say says
see saw
see seeing
see seen
see sees
seek seeking
seek seeks
seek sought
sell selling
sell sells
sell sold
send sending
send sends
send sent
set set
set sets
set setting
sew sewed
sew sewing
sew sewn
sew sews
shake shaken
shake shakes
shake shaking
shake shook
shave shaved
shave shaven
shave shaves
shave shaving
shear sheared
shear shearing
shear shears
shear shore
shear shorn
shed shed
shed shedding
shed sheds
shend shending
shend shends
shend shent
shew shewed
shew shewing
shew shewn
shew shews
shine shines
shine shining
shine shone
shit shat
shit shit
shit shits
shit shitting
shoe shod
shoe shoeing
shoe shoes
shoot shooting
shoot shoots
shoot shot
shortcut shortcut
shortcut shortcuts
shortcut shortcutting
show showed
show showing
show shown
show shows
shrink shrank
shrink shrinking
shrink shrinks
shrink shrunk
shrive shriven
shrive shrives
shrive shriving
shrive shrove
shut shut
shut shuts
shut shutting
sidewind sidewinding
sidewind sidewinds
sidewind sidewound
sightsee sightsaw
sightsee sightseeing
sightsee sightseen
sightsee sightsees
sing sang
sing singing
sing sings
sing sung
sink sank
sink sinking
sink sinks
sink sunk
sit sat
sit sits
sit sitting
skywrite skywrites
skywrite skywriting
skywrite skywritten
skywrite skywrote
slay slain
slay slaying
slay slays
slay slew
sleep sleeping
sleep sleeps
sleep slept
slide slid
slide slidden
slide slides
slide sliding
sling slinging
sling slings
sling slung
slink slinking
slink slinks
slink slunk
slit slit
slit slits
slit slitting
smell smelled
smell smelling
smell smells
smell smelt
smite smites
smite smiting
smite smitten
smite smote
snapshoot snapshooting
snapshoot snapshoots
snapshoot snapshot
sneak sneaked
sneak sneaking
sneak sneaks
sneak snuck
soothsay soothsaid
soothsay soothsaying
soothsay soothsays
sow sowed
sow sowing
sow sown
sow sows
speak speaking
speak speaks
speak spoke
speak spoken
speed sped
speed speeded
speed speeding
speed speeds
spell spelled
spell spelling
spell spells
spell spelt
spellbind spellbinding
spellbind spellbinds
spellbind spellbound
spend spending
spend spends
spend spent
spill spilled
spill spilling
spill spills
spill spilt
spin span
spin spinning
spin spins
spin spun
spit spat
spit spit
spit spits
spit spitting
split split
split splits
split splitting
spoil spoiled
spoil spoiling
spoil spoils
spoil spoilt
spoonfeed spoonfed
spoonfeed spoonfeeding
spoonfeed spoonfeeds
spread spread
spread spreading
spread spreads
spring sprang
spring springing
spring springs
spring sprung
stand standing
stand stands
stand stood
stave staved
stave staves
stave staving
stave stove
stave stoved
steal stealing
steal steals
steal stole
steal stolen
stick sticking
stick sticks
stick stuck
sting stinging
sting stings
sting stung
stink stank
stink stinking
stink stinks
stink stunk
straphang straphanging
straphang straphangs
straphang straphung
strew strewed
strew strewing
strew strewn
strew strews
stride stridden
stride strided
stride strides
stride striding
stride strode
strike stricken
strike strikes
strike striking
strike struck
string stringing
string strings
string strung
strip stripped
strip stripping
strip strips
strip stript
strive striven
strive strives
strive striving
strive strove
sublet sublet
sublet sublets
sublet subletting
sunburn sunburned
sunburn sunburning
sunburn sunburns
sunburn sunburnt
swear swearing
swear swears
swear swore
swear sworn
sweat sweat
sweat sweated
sweat sweating
sweat sweats
sweep sweeped
sweep sweeping
sweep sweeps
sweep swept
swell swelled
swell swelling
swell swells
swell swollen
swim swam
swim swimming
swim swims
swim swum
swing swinging
swing swings
swing swung
swink swank
swink swinking
swink swinks
swink swonk
swink swonken
take taken
take takes
take taking
take took
teach taught
teach teaches
teach teaching
tear tearing
tear tears
tear tore
tear torn
telecast telecast
telecast telecasted
telecast telecasting
telecast telecasts
tell telling
tell tells
tell told
think thinking
think thinks
think thought
thrive thrived
thrive thriven
thrive thrives
thrive thriving
thrive throve
throw threw
throw throwing
throw thrown
throw throws
thrust thrust
thrust thrusting
thrust thrusts
thunderstrike thunderstricken
thunderstrike thunderstrikes
thunderstrike thunderstriking
thunderstrike thunderstruck
tine tined
tine tines
tine tining
tine tint
tread treading
tread treads
tread trod
tread trodden
troubleshoot troubleshooting
troubleshoot troubleshoots
troubleshoot troubleshot
typecast typecast
typecast typecasting
typecast typecasts
typeset typeset
typeset typesets
typeset typesetting
typewrite typewrites
typewrite typewriting
typewrite typewritten
typewrite typewrote
unbear unbearing
unbear unbears
unbear unbore
unbear unborn
unbear unborne
unbend unbending
unbend unbends
unbend unbent
unbind unbinding
unbind unbinds
unbind unbound
unbuild unbuilding
unbuild unbuilds
unbuild unbuilt
unclothe unclad
unclothe unclothed
unclothe unclothes
unclothe unclothing
underbid underbid
underbid underbidden
underbid underbidding
underbid underbids
underbuy underbought
underbuy underbuying
underbuy underbuys
undercut undercut
undercut undercuts
undercut undercutting
underdo underdid
underdo underdoes
underdo underdoing
underdo underdone
underfeed underfed
underfeed underfeeding
underfeed underfeeds
undergird undergirded
undergird undergirding
undergird undergirds
undergird undergirt
undergo undergoes
undergo undergoing
undergo undergone
undergo underwent
underlay underlaid
underlay underlaying
underlay underlays
underlet underlet
underlet underlets
underlet underletting
underlie underlain
underlie underlay
underlie underlies
underlie underlying
underpay underpaid
underpay underpaying
underpay underpays
underrun underran
underrun underrun
underrun underrunning
underrun underruns
undersell underselling
undersell undersells
undersell undersold
undershoot undershooting
undershoot undershoots
undershoot undershot
underspend underspending
underspend underspends
underspend underspent
understand understanding
understand understands
understand understood
undertake undertaken
undertake undertakes
undertake undertaking
undertake undertook
underthrust underthrust
underthrust underthrusting
underthrust underthrusts
underwrite underwrites
underwrite underwriting
underwrite underwritten
underwrite underwrote
undo undid
undo undoes
undo undoing
undo undone
undraw undrawing
undraw undrawn
undraw undraws
undraw undrew
unfreeze unfreezes
unfreeze unfreezing
unfreeze unfroze
unfreeze unfrozen
unhang unhanging
unhang unhangs
unhang unhung
unhide unhid
unhide unhidden
unhide unhides
unhide unhiding
unhold unheld
unhold unholding
unhold unholds
unknit unknit
unknit unknits
unknit unknitted
unknit unknitting
unlade unladed
unlade unladen
unlade unlades
unlade unlading
unlay unlaid
unlay unlaying
unlay unlays
unlearn unlearned
unlearn unlearning
unlearn unlearns
unlearn unlearnt
unmake unmade
unmake unmakes
unmake unmaking
unreeve unreeved
unreeve unreeves
unreeve unreeving
unreeve unrove
unsay unsaid
unsay unsaying
unsay unsays
unsell unselling
unsell unsells
unsell unsold
unsew unsewed
unsew unsewing
unsew unsewn
unsew unsews
unsling unslinging
unsling unslings
unsling unslung
unspeak unspeaking
unspeak unspeaks
unspeak unspoke
unspeak unspoken
unspin unspinning
unspin unspins
unspin unspun
unstick unsticking
unstick unsticks
unstick unstuck
unstring unstringing
unstring unstrings
unstring unstrung
unswear unswearing
unswear unswears
unswear unswore
unswear unsworn
unteach untaught
unteach unteaches
unteach unteaching
unthink unthinking
unthink unthinks
unthink unthought
untread untreading
untread untreads
untread untrod
untread untrodden
unweave unweaves
unweave unweaving
unweave unwove
unweave unwoven
unwind unwinding
unwind unwinds
unwind unwound
unwrite unwrites
unwrite unwriting
unwrite unwritten
unwrite unwrote
upbuild upbuilding
upbuild upbuilds
upbuild upbuilt
uphold upheld
uphold upholding
uphold upholds
uppercut uppercut
uppercut uppercuts
uppercut uppercutting
uprise uprisen
uprise uprises
uprise uprising
uprise uprose
upset upset
upset upsets
upset upsetting
upspring upsprang
upspring upspringing
upspring upsprings
upspring upsprung
upsweep upsweeping
upsweep upsweeps
upsweep upswept
uptear uptearing
uptear uptears
uptear uptore
uptear uptorn
vex vexed
vex vexes
vex vexing
vex vext
wake wakes
wake waking
wake woke
wake woken
was were
waylay waylaid
waylay waylaying
waylay waylays
wear wearing
wear wears
wear wore
wear worn
weave weaves
weave weaving
weave wove
weave woven
wed wed
wed wedded
wed wedding
wed weds
weep weeping
weep weeps
weep wept
wet wet
wet wets
wet wetted
wet wetting
whipsaw whipsawed
whipsaw whipsawing
whipsaw whipsawn
whipsaw whipsaws
win winning
win wins
win won
wind winding
wind winds
wind wound
winterfeed winterfed
winterfeed winterfeeding
winterfeed winterfeeds
wiredraw wiredrawing
wiredraw wiredrawn
wiredraw wiredraws
wiredraw wiredrew
wit wist
wit witting
wit wot
withdraw withdrawing
withdraw withdrawn
withdraw withdraws
withdraw withdrew
withhold withheld
withhold withholding
withhold withholds
withstand withstanding
withstand withstands
withstand withstood
wont wont
wont wonted
wont wonting
wont wonts
work worked
work working
work works
work wrought
wrap wrapped
wrap wrapping
wrap wraps
wrap wrapt
wreak wreaked
wreak wreaking
wreak wreaks
wreak wroken
wring wringing
wring wrings
wring wrung
write writes
write writing
write written
write wrote
zinc zinced
zinc zincked
zinc zincking
zinc zincs
